Quest for the Lost Relic
Overview
Quest for the Lost Relic is a text-based adventure RPG where you step into the shoes of a hero determined to retrieve a powerful relic stolen by a dark sorcerer. Throughout your journey, you'll encounter dangerous enemies, explore mysterious lands, and face critical decisions that shape the outcome of your quest. With three unique character classes, each with their own abilities, and a dynamic, branching storyline, no two playthroughs are the same!

The game is designed for those who enjoy strategic decision-making, turn-based combat, and immersive text-based storytelling. Will you save the relic and triumph over evil, or will the traps and foes overwhelm you?

Features
Character Creation: Choose between three distinct character classes—Warrior, Mage, and Rogue—each offering different strengths, abilities, and playstyles.
Dynamic Combat: Engage in turn-based battles where you can attack, defend, use items, or unleash special class-specific moves. Every encounter presents new challenges.
Exploration and Choices: Traverse different environments like the Haunted Forest, Enchanted Castle, and Bandit’s Lair. Your decisions impact the storyline and can lead to different outcomes.
Leveling and Inventory System: Gain experience by defeating enemies, level up to unlock stronger abilities, and manage your inventory to survive the trials ahead.
Branching Storyline: Your choices matter—make the right decisions to advance, or suffer the consequences of bad choices, leading to multiple possible endings.
Real-Time Text Effects: Experience dramatic typing and blinking text effects that bring the adventure to life.
How to Play
1. Character Creation
Name Your Hero: Choose a name for your character.
Choose Your Class: Select from one of three classes:
Warrior: Strong in melee combat with high defense and powerful physical attacks. Has access to special moves like Warrior's Charge.
Mage: Master of magic with powerful spells, though physically weaker. Can use abilities like Fireball.
Rogue: Fast and agile, with balanced stats and the ability to dodge attacks. Can sneak up on enemies and strike swiftly.
2. Combat
When encountering enemies, you will enter turn-based combat. You will be given several options for each turn:

Attack: Deal damage to the enemy.
Defend: Reduces the damage you take from the enemy’s attack.
Use Item: Use an item from your inventory (e.g., health potions, magic wands).
Special Move: A class-specific ability (e.g., Fireball for Mages or Warrior's Charge for Warriors).
Combat is determined by a mix of strategy, luck, and timing. Keep an eye on your health and resources to survive.

3. Exploration
Explore the world, moving through different areas such as the Haunted Forest, the Enchanted Castle, and more. Each area presents new challenges and decisions that can affect your progress.
At certain points in the game, you will face crossroads where you must make pivotal choices that impact your story and future encounters.
4. Leveling Up
Gain experience points (XP) by defeating enemies.
As you level up, your health and stats will increase, unlocking new abilities and making you stronger for the challenges ahead.
Each class has unique abilities that evolve as you progress, so choose your actions wisely.
5. The Crossroads
After defeating certain enemies, you will encounter the Crossroads where you'll face a critical decision:
Left Door: Leads to freedom and progress in the game.
Right Door: Leads to instant death and failure.
Wait Option: If you choose to wait, you will encounter a ticking clock that could punish you for stalling too long.
Choose carefully; the wrong decision may cost you your life.
6. Game Endings
Your choices throughout the game will determine your ultimate fate.
Success: Find the Lost Relic, defeat the dark sorcerer, and save the world.
Failure: Fall victim to traps, enemies, or make critical mistakes that lead to your demise.
Installation Instructions
Install Python:

Download and install Python 3.x if you haven't already. Make sure to add Python to your system’s PATH during installation.
Download the Game:

Clone or download the game files from the repository.
You can do this by running the following command in your terminal:
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/quest-for-the-lost-relic.git
Alternatively, you can download a ZIP file from the repository and extract it to your local machine.
Run the Game:

Open a terminal or command prompt.
Navigate to the directory where the game files are located.
Run the following command:
bash
Copy code
python quest_for_the_lost_relic.py
Enjoy the Adventure: Once the game starts, follow the prompts to create your character and dive into your quest!

Dependencies
Python 3.x: This game is developed in Python and requires Python 3.x to run.
Gameplay Commands
Character Creation: Follow the prompts to enter your character's name and select your class.
Combat Actions: During combat, choose one of the following actions:
1. Attack: Deal damage to your enemy.
2. Defend: Reduce damage taken from the enemy's next attack.
3. Use Item: Use an item from your inventory (e.g., Health Potion, Magic Wand).
4. Special Move: Use your class-specific special ability (e.g., Fireball for Mages, Warrior's Charge for Warriors).
Story Choices: Make decisions that affect your story progression, including choosing doors at the Crossroads and whether to wait or act.
Tips for Success
Strategize in Combat: Use your abilities wisely—don't waste your health potions and magic.
Manage Your Inventory: Keep track of your items and use them at the right time.
Choose Your Actions Carefully: Some decisions may lead to unexpected consequences. Think before acting!
Level Up: Make sure to gain enough XP to level up your character and strengthen your abilities.
Contact & Feedback
If you encounter any issues or have feedback for the game, feel free to reach out to the developer:

Email: 
GitHub: Quest for the Lost Relic Repository
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

This README structure provides clear and concise information for users, from setup and gameplay to tips for success and contact information. It's designed to be user-friendly, while also being informative about the game's features and installation process.



